Remove code from load-balancing.md (#310)
KxSystems/docs: docs/kb/load-balancing.md

---
# A load-balancing kdb+ server

The script 
:fontawesome-brands-github: 
[KxSystems/kdb/e/mserve.q](https://github.com/KxSystems/kdb/blob/master/e/mserve.q) 
can be used to start a load-balancing kdb+ server. The primary server starts a number of secondary servers (in the same host). Clients then send requests to the primary server which, transparently to the client, chooses a secondary server with low CPU load, and forwards the request there.

This set-up is useful for read operations, such as queries on historical databases. Each query is executed in one of the secondary threads, hence writes are not replicated.

## Starting the primary server

> The arguments are the number of secondary servers, and the name of a q script that will be executed by the secondary servers at start-up. Typically this script will read in a database from disk into memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The arguments are the number of secondary servers, and the name of a q script that to be executed by the secondary servers at start-up. Typically this script reads in a database from disk into memory.
```
